AST-1465 - Related posts are showing the same posts on all posts (#3918)
brainstormforce/astra: changelog.txt

v3.8.0(Unreleased)
- Improvement: Site Background will be applied as background CSS for Full-Width Contained/Stretched layouts instead of Content Background.

> - Fix: Fixed random option in order by releated posts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: Random orderby attribute not working correctly for Related Posts.
```

v3.8.0(Unreleased)
Fix: W3 validation - Removed an element with the attribute tabindex for dropdown menu toggle.
- Improvement: Site Background will be applied as background CSS for Full-Width Contained/Stretched layouts instead of Content Background.

> - Fix: Random orderby attribute not working correctly for Related Posts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fix: Related Posts - Post Query - Order by Random option not working as expected.
```

Author: Changes done!
